fixed chunk size (#173)
replicate/pget: README.md

  - Type `Integer`

### Global Command-Line Options
- `--concurrency`

>   - Maximum number of chunks for downloading a given file

Author: ```suggestion
  - Maximum number of chunks to download in parallel for a given file
```
Why is this a per-file setting? That makes no sense to me.

  - Log level (debug, info, warn, error)
  - Type: `string`
  - Default: `info`
- `-m`, `--chunk-size string`

>   - Minimum chunk size (in bytes) to use when downloading a file (e.g. 10M)

Author: ```suggestion
  - Chunk size (in bytes) to use when downloading a file (e.g. 10M)
```
